                    SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This license agreement ("Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and
NVIDIA Corporation ("NVIDIA") and governs your use of the NVIDIA Tesla GPU
tools software, including source code, binary software and any materials
provided hereunder (“SOFTWARE”).

This Agreement can be accepted only by an adult of legal age of majority in the
country in which the SOFTWARE is used.

If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal
entity, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind the entity to
this Agreement, in which case “you” will mean the entity you represent.

If you don’t have the required age or authority to accept this Agreement, or if
you don’t accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not
download, install or use the SOFTWARE.

You agree to use the SOFTWARE only for purposes that are permitted by (a) this
Agreement, and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted
practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.

1. License.

1.1 Grant

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, NVIDIA hereby grants you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without the right to sublicense, to
install and use the SOFTWARE, and modify scripts provided in source code format
for your internal use with systems that include NVIDIA GPUs.

1.2 Authorized Users

You may allow employees and contractors of your entity or of your
subsidiary(ies) to access and use the SOFTWARE from your secure network to
perform work on your behalf.

If you are an academic institution you may allow users enrolled or employed by
the academic institution to access and use the SOFTWARE from your secure
network.

You are responsible for the compliance with the terms of this Agreement by your
authorized users. Any act or omission that, if committed by you, would
constitute a breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a breach of
this Agreement if committed by your recipients. If you become aware that your
authorized users didn’t follow the terms of this Agreement, you agree to take
reasonable steps to resolve the non-compliance and prevent new occurrences.

1.3 Pre-Release SOFTWARE

The SOFTWARE versions identified as alpha, beta, preview or otherwise as
pre-release, may not be fully functional, may contain errors or design flaws,
and may have reduced or different security, privacy, accessibility,
availability, and reliability standards relative to commercial versions of
NVIDIA software and materials. Use of a pre-release SOFTWARE may result in
unexpected results, loss of data, project delays or other unpredictable damage
or loss.

You may use a pre-release SOFTWARE at your own risk, understanding that
pre-release SOFTWARE is not intended for use in production or business-critical
systems.

NVIDIA may choose not to make available a commercial version of any pre-release
SOFTWARE. NVIDIA may also choose to abandon development and terminate the
availability of a pre-release SOFTWARE at any time without liability.

1.4 Updates

NVIDIA may, at its option, make available patches, workarounds or other updates
to this SOFTWARE. Unless the updates are provided with their separate governing
terms, they are deemed part of the SOFTWARE licensed to you as provided in this
Agreement.

1.5 Third Party Licenses

The SOFTWARE may come bundled with, or otherwise include or be distributed
with, third party software licensed by a NVIDIA supplier and/or open source
software provided under an open source license. Use of third-party software is
subject to the third-party license terms, or in the absence of third-party
terms, the terms of this Agreement. Copyright to third-party software is held
by the copyright holders indicated in the third-party software or license.

1.6 Reservation of Rights

NVIDIA reserves all rights, title and interest in and to the SOFTWARE not
expressly granted to you under this Agreement.

2. Limitations.

The following license limitations apply to your use of the SOFTWARE:

2.1 You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or remove copyright
or other proprietary notices from any portion of the SOFTWARE or copies of the
SOFTWARE.

2.2 Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you may not modify or
create derivative works of any portion of the SOFTWARE. You may not copy, sell,
rent, sublicense, transfer or distribute the SOFTWARE.

2.3 You may not bypass, disable, or circumvent any encryption, security,
digital rights management or authentication mechanism in the SOFTWARE.

2.4 You may not use the SOFTWARE in any manner that would cause it to become
subject to an open source software license. As examples, licenses that require
as a condition of use, modification, and/or distribution that the SOFTWARE be
(i) disclosed or distributed in source code form; (ii) licensed for the purpose
of making derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no charge.

2.5 Unless you have an agreement with NVIDIA for this purpose, you may not use
the SOFTWARE with any system or application where the use or failure of the
system or application can reasonably be expected to threaten or result in
personal injury, death, or catastrophic loss. Examples include use in nuclear,
avionics, navigation, military, medical, life support or other life critical
applications. NVIDIA does not design, test or manufacture the SOFTWARE for
these critical uses and NVIDIA shall not be liable to you or any third party,
in whole or in part, for any claims or damages arising from such uses.

2.6 You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NVIDIA and its affiliates,
and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors,
from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities,
costs or debt, fines, restitutions and expenses (including but not limited to
attorney’s fees and costs incident to establishing the right of
indemnification) arising out of or related to your use of the SOFTWARE outside
of the scope of this Agreement, or not in compliance with its terms.

3. Ownership.

3.1 NVIDIA or its licensors hold all rights, title and interest in and to the
SOFTWARE and its modifications, including their respective intellectual
property rights. This SOFTWARE may include software and materials from NVIDIA’s
licensors, and these licensors are intended third party beneficiaries that may
enforce this Agreement with respect to their intellectual property rights.

3.2 You may, but don’t have to, provide to NVIDIA suggestions, feature requests
or other feedback regarding the SOFTWARE, including possible enhancements or
modifications to the SOFTWARE. For any feedback that you voluntarily provide,
you

hereby grant NVIDIA and its affiliates a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide,
irrevocable license to use, reproduce, modify, license, sublicense (through
multiple tiers of sublicensees), and distribute (through multiple tiers of
distributors) it without the payment of any royalties or fees to you. NVIDIA
will use feedback at its choice.

4. No Warranties.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY NVIDIA “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS.” TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS
THEREIN, WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT. NO WARRANTY IS MADE ON THE BASIS OF TRADE
USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF TRADE.

5. Limitations of Liability.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NVIDIA AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY
LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR THE COSTS OF
PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY
ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION OR
THEORY OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL NVIDIA’S AND ITS AFFILIATES TOTAL
CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED US$10.00.
THE NATURE OF THE LIABILITY OR THE NUMBER OF CLAIMS OR SUITS SHALL NOT ENLARGE
OR EXTEND THIS LIMIT.

These exclusions and limitations of liability shall apply regardless if NVIDIA
or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages, and
regardless of whether a remedy fails its essential purpose. These exclusions
and limitations of liability form an essential basis of the bargain between the
parties, and, absent any of these exclusions or limitations of liability, the
provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the economic
terms, would be substantially different.

6. Termination.

6.1 This Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either you or
NVIDIA as described below.

6.2 If you want to terminate this Agreement, you may do so by stopping to use
the SOFTWARE.

6.3 NVIDIA may, at any time, terminate this Agreement if: (i) you fail to
comply with any term of this Agreement and the non-compliance is not fixed
within thirty (30) days following notice from NVIDIA (or immediately if you
violate NVIDIA’s intellectual property rights); (ii) you commence or
participate in any legal proceeding against NVIDIA with respect to the
SOFTWARE; or (iii) NVIDIA decides to no longer provide the SOFTWARE in a
country or, in NVIDIA’s sole discretion, the continued use of it is no longer
commercially viable.

6.4 Upon any termination of this Agreement, you agree to promptly discontinue
use of the SOFTWARE and destroy all copies in your possession or control. Upon
written request, you will certify in writing that you have complied with your
commitments under this section. Upon any termination of this Agreement all
provisions survive termination, except for the licenses granted to you.

7. General.

If you wish to assign this Agreement or your rights and obligations, including
by merger, consolidation, dissolution or operation of law, contact NVIDIA to
ask for permission. Any attempted assignment not approved by NVIDIA in writing
shall be void and of no effect. NVIDIA may assign, delegate or transfer this
Agreement and its rights and obligations, and if to a non-affiliate you will be
notified.

This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the United
States and of the State of Delaware as those laws are applied to contracts
entered into and performed entirely within Delaware by Delaware residents,
without regard to the conflicts of laws principles. The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically
disclaimed. You agree to all terms of this Agreement in the English language.

The state or federal courts residing in Santa Clara County, California shall
have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim arising out of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding this, you agree that NVIDIA shall still be allowed
to apply for injunctive remedies or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief
in any jurisdiction.

If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this
Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
construed as limited to the extent necessary to be consistent with and fully
enforceable under the law and the remaining provisions will remain in full
force and effect. Unless otherwise specified, remedies are cumulative.

Each party acknowledges and agrees that the other is an independent contractor
in the performance of this Agreement.

The SOFTWARE has been developed entirely at private expense and is “commercial
items” consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer
software documentation” provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or
disclosure by the U.S. Government or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject
to the restrictions in this Agreement pursuant to DFARS 227.7202-3(a) or as set
forth in subparagraphs (b)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software -
Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19, as applicable.
Contractor/manufacturer is NVIDIA, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA
95051.

The SOFTWARE is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You agree
that you will not ship, transfer or export the SOFTWARE into any country, or
use the SOFTWARE in any manner, prohibited by the United States Bureau of
Industry and Security or economic sanctions regulations administered by the
U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), or any
applicable export laws, restrictions or regulations. These laws include
restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. By accepting this
Agreement, you confirm that you are not a resident or citizen of any country
currently embargoed by the U.S. and that you are not otherwise prohibited from
receiving the SOFTWARE.

Any notice delivered by NVIDIA to you under this Agreement will be delivered
via mail, email or fax. You agree that any notices that NVIDIA sends you
electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements. Please direct
your legal notices or other correspondence to NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San
Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, United States of America,
Attention: Legal Department.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior negotiations or
documentation exchanged between the parties relating to this SOFTWARE license.
Any additional and/or conflicting terms on documents issued by you are null,
void, and invalid. Any amendment or waiver under this Agreement shall be in
writing and signed by representatives of both parties.

(v. July 24, 2019)
